from tkinter import*
from tkinter import messagebox

master = Tk()
master.title('Random Interview Question')

def random_value():
    import random
    question_list = ['Tell me about yourself:', 'Tell me about a project you’ve worked on in your past job and how to accomplished it:',
"Tell me why you're interested in this position", 'Tell me about a challenge/problem that you encountered in your last job and how you overcame it:',
"Tell me about your strengths","Tell me about your weaknesses","Where do you picture yourself in your career 5 years from now?",
 "Do you have any questions for me?","How do you prioritize work when given more than one project?","How do you deal with pressure or stressful situations?",
 "Where do you see yourself in five years?","- What organizations do you most admire? Why?",
 "Tell us about a time when there was an unintended negative consequence in another department as a result of your decision or action. Active Listening",
 "Describe a time when you received negative feedback. How did it turn out?",
 "Tell us about a time when you did not listen as well as you might have. Change Agility",
 "Describe a time when your organization underwent drastic change. How did this affect you personally and professionally?",
 "Tell us about a time when you had difficulty handling an organizational change."
, "Describe a time when you had to take a stand against your peers or superiors."
, "Describe a work situation in which you lost confidence or were unsure of yourself. What did you do? How did it work out? Conflict Management"
, "Describe your most contentious business negotiation."
, "Tell us about a time you were unable to resolve a conflict with a co-worker. Why couldn’t it be resolved? What was the result? Communicativeness"
, "Describe a situation in which you were effective in keeping people informed."
, "Tell us about a time when you were responsible for the flow of information and were less than effective."
, "Describe a time you developed an imaginative solution to a difficult problem."
, "Tell us about a time when you were unable to come up with a needed idea or approach. Composure"
, "Describe a situation where your ability to stay calm under pressure was tested. What was the situation? How did you handle it?"
, "Tell us about a time when you lost your composure. What was the result? Diplomacy"
, "Describe a time when you had to build internal commitment before launching a project. What did you do?"
, "Tell us about your greatest political blunder."
, "Share an example of how you have had to revise a business plan to better respond to changing customer interests."
, "Tell us about a time when you were unable to recover a dissatisfied customer. Drive/Energy"
, "What were the longest hours you have ever worked?"
, "Tell us about a time when you literally did not have enough energy or drive to complete the job to your satisfaction. Delegation"
, "Provide an example of how you involve others in a project. What role(s) did you take?"
, "What was your worst experience delegating work to another person? What did you learn from it?"
, "Describe a time when you translated an idea or project for a foreign marketplace. What issues did you have to consider?"
, "Tell us about your most serious cross-cultural mistake. Financial Acumen"
, "If you were involved in an acquisition, what key financial indicators would you assess in the company being acquired?"
, "What area of finance do you most need development in? High Standards"
, "What did you do to prepare for this interview?"
, "Tell us about a time that you had to compromise your personal standards to meet a deadline. Functional/Technical Expertise"
, "In what area would others consider you an expert?"
, "Within your profession, what areas or skills do you need to concentrate on the most in terms of your continued development?"
, "Describe a time when you had to get your point across when speaking with someone who frequently interrupts. What did you do?"
, "Tell us about a time you had difficulty getting your message understood in an informal meeting. What would you do differently next time? Industry Knowledge"
, "Provide an example of how you have incorporated or anticipated an industry trend to make a positive impact on your work."
, "What is your greatest weakness in terms of industry knowledge? Initiative"
, "Describe a time when you intervened outside of your normal role to take care of an obvious problem."
, "Tell us about a time when you should have taken action and didn’t. Why didn’t you act? What was the result."
, "Describe a situation when you had to persuade your peers, or people over whom you had no positional authority."
, "Tell us about a time when you had great difficulty motivating an individual or group. How did you modify your tactics? Were you ultimately successful? Learning Agility"
, "Describe a time when you had to quickly learn a new skill to handle a new work assignment."
, "Tell us about the most difficult time you’ve had learning something new on the job. Integrity"
, "Describe a situation when you were working with individuals whose ethics did not match yours. How did you handle the situation?"
, "Describe a situation in which you violated your own ethical or moral standards."
, "In your last position, how did you communicate the companies mission to your staff?"
, "Tell us about a time when your staff was confused about the company’s mission. How did you handle this? Leader Identification"
, "Tell me about a rime when you felt particularly effective as a leader – either in an informal or formal role."
, "Describe a time when you felt uncomfortable in a leadership role. Positive Impact"
, "When has it been most difficult for you to see the best in people and situation?"
, "Tell us about a time when you were unable to be positive about people or a circumstance."
, "Describe a time when your knowledge of the organization gave you an advantage.what was the positive outcome?"
, "Tell us about a time when you were ineffective because you didn’t know how things really worked. Presentation Skills"
, "Describe a challenging formal presentation that you had to make. What was the outcome?"
, "What was hour most upsetting presentation experience? What would you do differently? Organizing & Planning"
, "Provide an example of a time-management skill you have learned and applied at work. How has it improved your productivity?"
, "Describe a situation in which you were ineffective in managing a complex task. Results Orientation"
, "What are you most proud of in your work career?"
, "Tell us about a time when you failed to reach a desired result or achievement."
, "Describe the most difficult decision you have had to make in the past few years. What process did you go through? What was the outcome?"
, "Tell us about the worst decision you have ever made at work. Risk-Taking"
, "Describe your most courageous act at work."
, "Describe a time when you took a risk and failed. What did you learn? Relationship Building"
, "Describe your professional network."
, "Tell us about a time when you were unable to establish or maintain a needed relationship. Strategic Thinking"
, "Describe a time when you had to alter a crucial business strategy midway through the implementation process."
, "Describe a time when you were involved in a strategy that failed."
, "How would your professional colleagues describe your strengths and weaknesses?"
, "Describe a situation in which your lack of self-awareness inhibited your performance. Talent Development"
, "Describe a time when you had to confront poor performance. What did you do? How did it turn out?"
, "Tell us about a time when an employee fell below expectations and you were unable to correct performance. Sensitivity"
, "Tell us about a time where you had to make a new team member comfortable."
, "Describe a situation in which you did not work well with someone. What did you do? What happened?"
, "Tell us about a time when you were involved in a system process improvement that involved new technology. What was your role? What was the outcome?"
, "Tell us about your most difficult experience with technology. Team Management"
, "Describe a time when you created a team at work. What was the outcome?"
, "What was your worst experience leading a team? What did you learn from the experience? Visioning"
, "Describe your personal career vision."
, "Tell us about a time when you fell short in communicating a preferred future to others. Team Player"
, "Describe your most successful team experience. What was your role? Why was your team successful?"
, "What was your most unpleasant team experience? How did it impact your team performance?"
, "What do you look for when you are editing someone else’s work?"
, "What is your greatest developmental need in the area of written communication?"] 
    random = random.choice(question_list)
    messagebox.showinfo("Your Question is:", random)

labelframe=LabelFrame(master, fg="red", font=14, text="Random Interview")
labelframe.pack(side=BOTTOM)

button = Button(labelframe, text = "Click here", fg="blue", command = random_value)
button.pack(side=BOTTOM)

label = Label(labelframe, text = "Click on button to get a question")
label.pack(side=BOTTOM)

master.mainloop()
